# A Note About Data Processing
## Z-Forward Axis
In these three trials, the z-axis faced forward as the cart rolled down the track. In the data processing (graphs inside the three Trial folders), I ONLY convert z acceleration from g's into m/s/s. I do NOT add or subtract the z_component of gravity experienced by the cart, as I previously thought I needed to do (see Bad_Graphs folder). This is because when the cart is released and is rolling down the track, the force of gravity is only opposed by friction, which is accounted for the accelerometer measurements. This means, however, that when the cart is caught, accelerometer data can no longer be trusted because the sensor is unaware that the force of gravity is being opposed by my hand. 

## X-Down Axis
In these three trials, the x-axis is facing the surface of the track. Since the x_component of the force of gravity is always equally opposed by the normal force from the track, the x_component of gravity needs to be removed from the accelerometer data. This only works because the normal force is present for (almost) the entire time that the cart is in motion. HOWEVER, since the cart did seem to bounce (it was a little ricketty) on its way down, subtracting the gravity component (actually adding it since the axis faces down) may cause some issues in accuracy. 

# A Note About Theoretical Values
In the theoretical calculations of acceleration, velocity, and displacement, I assume that the cart/track contact has a kinetic friction coefficient of 0.003 (based on a 1996 report by PASCO). This is a very approximate value, since it is not measured and is based on a likely outdated report. However, you can see in the z_track_#_z.png graphs that when the theoretical curves stop (when the displacement reaches 1.96 meters), it roughly lines up with the time where I caught the cart. This suggests that this frictional constant comes close to approximating the total frictional force acting against gravity.
